docs/SCOPES.md, before:

# Introduction
This document describes the rationale behind the handling of OAuth scopes and
describes the methods.

## hasScope
This method verifies that the object that this method is called on contains 
the scopes in the parameter scope.

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));
    $scope->hasScope(new Scope(array("foo")));

This call returns `true` as the `$scope` object has scope `foo`.

## hasAnyScope
This method is similar to `hasScope`, but allowes any of the scopes in the 
parameter as satisfying the requirement.

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));
    $scope->hasAnyScope(new Scope(array("foo", "foobar")));

This returns `true` as `$scope` has the scope `foo`. If this same example would
be used with `hasScope` it would return `false` as the scope `foobar` is not 
part of `$scope`.

## hasOnlyScope
This method checks for a subset. The object that this method is called on needs
to contain only scopes that are part of the parameter scope and nothing extra.

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));
    $scope->hasOnlyScope(new Scope(array("foo", "bar", "baz")));

This returns `true` as `foo` and `bar` are both part of the parameter scope.

    $scope->hasOnlyScope(new Scope(array("foo")));

This returns `false` as `bar` is no longer contained in the parameter scope.

Commit message:

allow empty string as parameter to fromString, update documentation

docs/SCOPES.md, after:

# Introduction
This document describes the rationale behind the handling of OAuth scopes and
describes the methods.

## Instantiation
There are two ways to create a `Scope` object. One way is to use the 
constructor:

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));

The other is to use the static `fromString` method:

    $scope = Scope::fromString("foo bar");

## isEmpty
This method checks whether the scope is empty, i.e.: if it was created using 
an empty array or empty string.

## equals
This method is used to compare two `Scope` objects. If they contain the exact
same scope values they are considered equal.

## toArray
This converts the `Scope` object to an array.

## toString and __toString
Convert the `Scope` object to a string. Where each scope is separated by a 
space.

## hasScope
This method verifies that the object that this method is called on contains 
the scopes in the parameter scope.

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));
    $scope->hasScope(new Scope(array("foo")));

This call returns `true` as the `$scope` object has scope `foo`.

## hasAnyScope
This method is similar to `hasScope`, but allowes any of the scopes in the 
parameter as satisfying the requirement.

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));
    $scope->hasAnyScope(new Scope(array("foo", "foobar")));

This returns `true` as `$scope` has the scope `foo`. If this same example would
be used with `hasScope` it would return `false` as the scope `foobar` is not 
part of `$scope`.

## hasOnlyScope
This method checks for a subset. The object that this method is called on needs
to contain only scopes that are part of the parameter scope and nothing extra.

    $scope = new Scope(array("foo", "bar"));
    $scope->hasOnlyScope(new Scope(array("foo", "bar", "baz")));

This returns `true` as `foo` and `bar` are both part of the parameter scope.

    $scope->hasOnlyScope(new Scope(array("foo")));

This returns `false` as `bar` is no longer contained in the parameter scope.
